📝 Add docs development scripts (#453)
share/sharedb: README.md

### Leaderboard

[<img src="examples/leaderboard/demo.gif" height="436">](examples/leaderboard)

## Development

### Documentation

> The documentation is stored as Markdown files, but sometimes it can be useful to run these locally. The docs are served using [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/), and require Ruby and [Bundler](https://bundler.io/).

Reviewer: So I updated my Ruby install, but now I'm on version 3... Which fails because of [this issue](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll/issues/8523)

I fixed it by cd-ing into the docs folder and running `bundle add webrick`

I can push the change to your branch if you want?

> The documentation is stored as Markdown files, but sometimes it can be useful to run these locally. The docs are served using [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/), and require Ruby and [Bundler](https://bundler.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation is stored as Markdown files, but sometimes it can be useful to run these locally. The docs are served using [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/), which requires Ruby > 2.4.0 and [Bundler](https://bundler.io/).
```

The docs can be built locally and served with live reload:

```bash

> npm run docs:install

Reviewer: Sug to add the gem install step here for lazy readers (like myself)

```suggestion
gem install jekyll bundler

npm run docs:install
```
